---
title: 'Drunken Nights'
date: '2013-02-10'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'love'
---

We got out of the bar, drunk and rowdy, into the night street. We sang some song
about white power and made yuppie scum flee from our heavy boots. That is when
we saw two guys holding hands. Disgusting, tight tops, perfect hair, toned
bodies.

"Hey, faggots," shouted Jim, all serious.

"Hey, butt pirates," Sam was doing the crazy joker thing.

"Faggots," I chimed in.

They looked over the shoulder, started walking faster, we followed. Finally, we
caught up and forced them into an alley.

"You're an abomination in the eyes of the Lord," said Sam, "And you're making
the white race shrink. Shrink like my cock when I see you."

They were scared, but one of the faggots spoke: "Hey, you guys don't need to do
this. You can just let us go. We don't want any trouble."

"They probably take black cock up their asses as well," said Jim.

"Do you?" said Sam "Do you let jungle monkeys fuck you? Huh? You pieces of
shit?"

"We are not afraid of you," said the brave faggot, "We've known guys like you
all our lives. School or no school, you're just bullies. And guess what. You're
not gonna change anything. You're sad."

We came down on them kicking and stomping. We were not very angry. Just your
regular kick-the-shit-out-of-them routine with a little sense of unity (brothers
in arms) and a bit more reason (do not go to jail for killing a couple of fags).
Then we just turned around and left.

As we were leaving, two sodomites keeping their faces to the ground, waiting for
us to be gone. The brave faggot was crying. The other one crawled over and put
his arm around him in a caring gesture. Made me remember my mom and me. I turned
away ran a few steps to catch up with the guys.
