---
title: 'A Dialogue with Two Philosophers'
date: '2013-12-06'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'love'
---

I was walking down the street. It was cold and tiny snowflakes filled the air.
They looked very jolly, but they were not doing anything for me because my head
was packed with bad thoughts. I was pondering the excess of my misery when I was
accosted by two homeless fellows, one very young and one very old.

"Hello there, kind stranger," said the older, "We were just standing over there
when we saw you and we wondered if you would like to contribute to our libations
of the coming night. A small amount of money would be sufficient, as our needs
are not very sophisticated."

"I am sorry," I said, "But I will not contribute."

"What a shame," said the younger, "But we will not press the issue, as there are
many more potentials. We want to wish you a good night."

"Before we do," the older interrupted, "Pray tell, you look rather sad, kind
sir."

I was so surprised at their curiosity and their flowery language that I decided
to participate and see how this plays out. Besides, certain people pay good
money for the privilege of sharing personal issues with strangers.

"Yes," I sighed, "Unfortunately, I am in love with a girl and it is one of those
unhappy scenarios."

"You love her," said the younger, "But she does not love you?"

"Something like that," I nodded.

"Ah, the oldest malaise of all," said the older, "And how do you hope to
recuperate?"

"I want to wait it out," I said. "It will pass."

"Yes, yes," agreed the younger, "You can navigate any labyrinth if you keep your
hand to the left wall and continue with persistence, it is a sure method to
finally see the light of day."

"Ha!" said the older, "But if you navigate the dark labyrinth of human bowels
and emerge into the light of day, you are no more than a piece of shit exiting
the anus. There is another way. Turn around and navigate an even darker and
tighter labyrinth. Climb up and up and up until you see the electric light of
the brain. There, in the chamber of the skull, you will find respite."

The metaphor filled me with awe. I thanked the two philosophers and gave them a
little money as a parting gift. I had a lot to think about.
