---
title: 'A gate of ghosts'
date: '2020-07-26'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
---

They put up a metal gate at the front of the hospital, and they only closed it
at night. The gate was there for many years, so naturally, there was an instance
when somebody crawled up to the gate and died. That man had been stabbed in the
stomach and robbed. He crawled down the street and up to the front gate. He did
not know the back gate was open for ambulances and emergencies. The front gate
was for patients who walked in from the sunny side of town, or from the park, or
from the train station.

When they were modernizing the hospital, they took the gate down and put it up
against the outer wall for some time. A patron of arts bought the gate and moved
it to a historical building where performance artists worked. The building had
been part of the old shipyard, but then the city decided to turn it into a space
for artists and set up workshops there. When they put it in the art space, they
did not use it as a gate but they hung it inside, on the walls of the main
hallway which was very long and high. As it hung there, a woman was forcibly
pressed against it and raped. Then she was beaten to death.

When they were tearing down the building to make room for modern apartments, a
man had his people remove the gate from the walls and moved to his large house
where it served as a gate again. In the time that followed, there was great
unrest and a lot of violence. Some people wanted to storm the gate and the man
had them shot. A lot of people died hanging on the gate. The most direct cause
of death for many of them was that bullets tore through their bodies. It was
very painful and humiliating.

Then the city was reclaimed by a peaceful republic and life returned. The large
house was turned into a school and the gate became a school gate. A lot of
students passed through on their way to get an education which made their lives
brighter and easier to live. Also, a lot of students passed through the gate on
their way home, to get the nourishment of love. One time, some students hung one
student on the bars of the gate and he suffocated.

The gate was very sturdy, so when another war came, some people used it to
reinforce a street blockade. The blockade saved their lives for a little while
and gave them time to breathe a little longer and look at the world a little
longer. But finally they were overwhelmed and died.

Now, the gate is owned by our institute and we are looking for residue of
ghostly energies. We are doing this to prove that human spirits cling to this
world if they died tragic deaths. So far, we have not found evidence of human
spirits doing that. We have not found any evidence of human spirits at all, but
we are still conducting our research.
