---
title: "Archaeologist's Agony"
date: '2016-05-02'
categories:
  - 'creepy'
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'pm-writing'
---

The expedition had gone terribly wrong and I was all alone now in the ruins. I
had fallen down a passage. I had used all my supplies. I had cut my leg and
infected the wound. With the last piece of candle, I had limped down a dark,
pointless hallway, until I reached a dead end filled with human skeletons.

I lay on the floor, holding the candle close to my face, three blankets around
me trying to keep the cold at bay. I thought of the surface world, and stars at
night (I could no longer imagine sunlight) and all the wonders of the universe.

Slowly, my thoughts began to wonder, a familiar experience from falling asleep
before, though with grimmer undertones this time. I thought about my companions,
the many human skeletons, who had fallen asleep and lay there too long, until
flesh fell off their bones and there was no more waking up. I longed to see what
they dreamed off.

In my imaginings, I befriended one of them. A commoner from ages ago, whose name
escapes memory now, but who spoke in a very soft voice and had a peculiar
philosophy of the universe. His views were very unscientific, but charming,
mirroring those of my private teacher, Mr. Cold. Or was he called Mr. Dark? Or
Mr. Motionless?

I tried to recall a single woman in my life that had not been my mother, but I
found myself unable to. I wondered if after death I would re-enter my mother's
womb and feel warm again. I marveled at the many creatures within other
creatures that would have to exist in the afterlife to make that possible. The
kindly commoner next to me agreed it was a compelling vision, but something
about it made him afraid. He crossedÂ the pile of bones and scrambled down the
dark hallway that I could not see.

"Worry not," he called, "For you will be able to follow me soon."

Meanwhile I sunk slowly through the floor, through the earth, into an
underground ocean full of glowing cephalopods. They moved about me so gaily, I
could do nothing but smile and smile.
