---
title: 'Art and Bread'
date: '2012-07-13'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'love'
---

He placed the bag of groceries on the counter and smiled at her. She looked up
from the TV Guide, annoyed.

"What's the problem, baby?" he asked as if he did not know. She was a bitch.

"It's nothing," she said with trained exhaustion. How did she get so tired from
sitting on her ass all day? "I am just a little ill. And hungry. What took you
so long?"

"Just some assholes were giving me shit. They think just 'cos I'm wearing black
skinny jeans, I am a rocker." He remembered their voices: "What's up, rocker?"
Their danceful stride, their muscular frames, their concealed firearms which
were definitely implied. The smell of fear and violence.

She did not care. She started talking about some band that was coming to town.

"You know," he interrupted, "They give me shit because I dress like that."

"So what?" she shrugged, "You express your spirit through these clothes.
YouÂ *are* a rocker."

"That's the thing. I'm not. I play the music because you like it. I wore these
clothes as a joke at a party once. That's when I met you and it just stuck.
Because you have big tits and and I wanted to put my dick between them. Which
you never let me do. What's the point of having knockers like these if all you
do is lie on your back?"

She wanted to say something.

"I'm not done. I like rock music, I like playing the guitar. But maybe I would
also like to grow a little. You know, artistically. And emotionally. I want to
be a better person, but you always mold me into this bitchy frame. Well,
frankly, you _are_ a bitch. A very bad person, you know? And you think it's a
sign of courage or character. But it's not. It's weakness."

"Well then, why are you with me?" she screamed at him.

"You know what?" he said, looking out the window. On the fire escape across the
alley, against the background of red brick, there was a white nightgown drying
on a string. "I don't really know," and he walked out, slamming the door behind
him.

She began to wail a little too late for him to hear, so she stopped, collapsed
to her knees and pounded her small fist against the floor in pointless anger.
