---
title: 'Clay Boss'
date: '2012-04-25'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
---

I used to pass by this artsy cafe on my way to a construction site I was
working. I saw the artsy people with their gadgets and lattes and philosophical
discourse and I thought to myself "Vlad, people like that would never associate
with the likes of you," and then immediately afterwards: "But they are posers
and gasbags anyway, so who gives a doodle, right?"

But all that thinking changed when I noticed The Blonde. Truly, she must have
been The Most Beautiful Woman In The World, all caps, and I fell in love. It was
a silly emotion, based on nothing else than looks, but I started building on
that and adding to her image all the sweetest qualities a person can have. I
tried to tell myself not to do that because I was just falling in love with the
image of her and would be disappointed when I finally met her. But something was
telling me I would never get to meet her, so it was alright.

Until finally one day, I woke up with a plan. Mind you, it took me several days
to muster the courage and all the while the plan was incubating, until finally I
decided to go with it. Happiness or humiliation, life or death, it did not
matter to me. I had to do it.

I went to one of those one dollar stores and got myself a pair of tight jeans,
and a bunch or ironic t-shirts, to make myself look like one of those artsy
types. I used my work jacket, it was old and worn, so it went well with the
disguise. On my day off, I entered the cafe and walked up to the girl.

When she raised her head, the light got in her eye, so she lifted her hand to
shield herself and frowned a little, which made her look as if she was smiling.
I noticed she was reading a book with the strangest title: "Clay Boss."

"Hello, my name is Vlad, can I buy you a cup of coffee?"

She said no at first, but finally she agreed, and that is how it started. Years
later, I sometimes think of those strange days and the girl I met in the cafe. I
loved her and she loved me, and then we hated each other, but I never asked her
about the book. What did the title mean?
