---
title: 'Create!'
date: '2023-07-14'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
---

I was tuning the radio to catch some music when my father popped his head into
the room and said:

"Listening to the radio is great, but you could spend the time being more
creative."

I felt inspired to act and I thought the best place for creativity is somewhere
else then my room, so I got up, dusted off, and headed for the door. Almost as
an afterthought, I grabbed my violin, because i decided music is creativity too!

It was a brilliant day and I stepped out into the sunshine. I lived in a
boarding house in the Music District at the time and the door let me out almost
directly opposite the entrance to a small park. I decided this would be the site
of my creativity.

The park was full of people, mostly university students, in various groups and
pursuing diverse activities, from sitting around reading to hoola-hooping. I
jumped onto a small pedestal near the center and started playing.

Now, my music is rather mediocre, if I say so myself, but there are people
around who like it for its honesty and simplicity. So the balance of it all is:
my paying is more likely to do a little bit of good than harm, I think. I played
awway!

Some people seemed to pay a little but of attention to me, even if only for a
moment, except fro one man who seemed more interested. He came closer and
listened, swaying gently. He was in his forties, pale and thin, dressed in
regular working clothes, though with an air of individuality. An educated man,
seemingly, though likely addicted to alcohol and the joys of night life.

"Really nice," he said when I took my break, "Very rough, but vivacious."

"Are you interested in music, my good sir?" I asked in a friendly manner.

"Interested, yes. I used to be a conductor."

"Used to be? What changed?"

"Job rotation," he said matter-of-factly, "Could not be helped. But do tell me,
young musician, don't you have a job to do?"

"I do," I admitted, "But I felt more like staying at home and listening to the
radio."

"Ah, so why aren't you there now? I take it something inspired you to start
playing the music. Was it a new radio station that popped up where there was no
radio station before and played some music that made you smile? Perhaps some
German death reggae?"

I laughed at what I assumed was a joke and then said: "Close, but not exactly.
It was my father who said I should spend my time being creative."

"Ah, so your father was there with you, listening to the radio? Or was he
working on something at home?"

"He was no literally there," I said, "I don't live at home anymore. But I often
think of the time when he said it and it makes me get up and go. I am always on
the go."

He nodded and I started playing again.
