---
title: 'Crystals of Time'
date: '2024-11-04'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
---

We had this thing at work, called Crystals of Time, which I always thought
should be called Time Crystals. But irregardless, they were these tokens which
allowed you free time. Each Crystal of Time gave you one minute of free time.

See, my work was not like yours where you go home and rest, and then come ack
another day. My work was all the time, except when you decided to use your free
minutes. Each minute you spent not working, one of the sparkly Crystals of Time
would stop glowing. When they were all dark, you better get back to work, or
you're outta here, mister! Or lady. It's okay to be a woman these days, not like
in my day.

But I digress. You're probably wondering how you can get Crystals of Time. See,
it's simple, really. You get them by being good at your job. And thinking sharp,
being creative, working hard, sheer willpower and stubbornness, but also a kind
of brain-brawn, like, what do you call it? It's like being smart, only it's not
about books but about doing the correct thing to match the occasion and, like,
the problem at hand. By being all that strong-smart, all that cunning business
acumen, you get Crystals of Time. And I guess that gives you more time to think
about how you can do your work more smart-like.

So this guy Jim Erglônd at work is really good with his work and he's got so
many crystals that you can hardly ever see him work because he can afford it.
Like, I have never seen him work, but I keep busy, so I might have missed it.
Only that I'm sure he has more crystals than there are minutes in a day, so he
can take the day off. In fact, I think he can take so much time off that would
make rocks melt. How did he get so many? Now, if I share that with you, you will
do the same and beat me to it. There's a limited number of Crystals of Time, and
I don't want to miss my opportunity to get some. As soon as Jim Erglônd frees
some up.
