---
title: 'Days of Longing'
date: '2015-05-12'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'love'
---

Where are you, my Alice? The sun is setting over the treeline making everything
seem more vivid. Soon it will be dark and the demons of doubt will creep out,
but for now, I am enjoying the warm rays on my face. I sit on the porch, looking
at the little notebook she gave me. She said "Write" but I never dared. Those
empty white pages were sacred, just like she was, and my ideas seemed too
mundane. It would be sacrilege.

The day had been uneventful, I would even say dull, and the lack of her made it
even worse. My Alice, every other minute I found myself thinking of her, the
sound of her voice, her soft walk, the way she gripped everyday objects gently
turning them into works of art. At one point I thought I could no longer recall
her face so I panicked. Luckily, it was just a momentary lapse and I was able to
ponder the beauty of my goddess again. What would I do if I lost her?

Now, on the porch I reflect how every passing minute brings me closer to her, so
I welcome the deepening twilight despite the cold it brings. I encourage time to
pass more quickly, I wish I could slip along its surface, unbeknownst to man or
beast.

My phone vibrates with an incoming text. Is it her?

It is my friend Doug. "DUD, HANG @ MARSHALS." He and the fellows are about to
imbibe arcane spirits that give poets inspiration. I welcome the thought of
deepening my affection for my Alice, a crisp clarity that comes from liquor and
makes the lover's heart grow fonder, the breaking of the shackles of dull
sobriety. I get up and begin the walk towards the pleasure district. All the
while, I imagine it is one year later and my Alice is out of high school and in
college with me. Where are you, my Alice?
