---
title: 'Everybody Screams'
date: '2014-12-22'
categories:
  - 'creepy'
---

When I died, everything seemed so abrupt that I closed my eyes and did not open
them until I was high above the clouds and everything around me was endless
blue. I was a shining spirit and there were others, as beautiful and free as I
was. Thousands upon thousands of us in the timeless joy of floating. I felt
serenity and purpose as I recalled all my incarnations, all life's paths
joining.

We all arched back down to become incarnated again in a endless ballet. I was
happy to leave the blue void behind, even though I felt so good up there. I dove
into the black clouds below.

Thunder startled me. And then clouds parted and I saw the Earth with its vast
oceans and its land covered in forests and fields and cities. I was drawn to one
of the cities and as I came lower and lower, I could see that not everything was
right.

There were things unseen by man or woman. Black things, like cancerous growth on
the face of the world. Pulsating, organic, rotting things spanning parks and
streets. People walking through them like you pass through black smoke,
unhindered but not unaffected.

I felt fear. I was no longer diving, I was now falling onto one of the
hospitals, towards a woman giving birth. I was about to be incarnated into this
world ruled by demons. I felt such great fear.

And then an arm with multiple joints arched towards me. It was quick and
ruthless. Its invisible fingers which were not really fingers grabbed at my
spirit and tore the serenity away, carrying it towards one of the nearest
cross-shaped mouths that were not really mouths.

"Oh God, why would you do this to me?" I thought right before I lost all faculty
of language and sank towards becoming a blank slate again.

I dropped into the newborn as it was leaving the birth canal. I made myself cozy
in its pituitary gland. I grasped control of the muscles. The doctor pulled me
out.

All I could see were bright lights and shapes moving slowly around me in an
inexplicable dance. They were black. They reminded me of something I saw
earlier. Something black and evil just outside of view. I looked for a way to
express the impossible torture this memory brought back in me. Finally, I found
my one and only means of expression.

I screamed.
