---
title: 'First Date'
date: '2012-06-03'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
---

I pick her up and try not to make the greeting awkward. When we get into my car,
I call it my batmobile and she laughs, so we find a few things to talk about and
it is smooth.

My reservation at the Four Seasons gets us a table right away, we browse the
menu and talk about the food. I do not order for her, I am not that kind of guy.
Then we talk about music and movies, express ourselves through other people's
work. I do not know whether we are this similar, or just both trying to make
ourselves look good.

I definitely do not stare at her chest, but still there is sexual tension. She
is so close, so warm, smells so nice. My balls hurt, but she will never know.
Women must never know about this male affliction.

After we have eaten, we drink some wine before we order dessert. We talk about
families. There are no stories of horror, maybe she does not have any, or maybe
she just knows now is not the time. So, I keep my stories to myself and tell her
about Fort ArthurÂ family trips and Bertie the Clown. The dessert is light and
sweet and reminds her of something or other.

After we are done, I pick up the bill, not awkward at all, confident and manly,
and we get into my batmobile again.

I walk her to the porch. It is a little unnatural when we say goodbyes, waiting
for the same thing. Will it happen? Finally, I decide to take initiative, lean
over, and kiss her. Just one short kiss which says we are at a different level
of intimacy, not sexual yet. She does not protest, she smiles a beautiful,
beautiful smile, and says goodnight. I smile as well and walk away, my knees
soft, my heart pounding.

As I drive home, my mood changes. I am angry at myself for all the stupid things
I said and did. I want to kill myself or other people. It must have something to
do with hormones, it will pass. I will call her.
