---
title: 'Going Up'
date: '2016-06-14'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'sci-fi'
---

The old man climbed the rusty ladder and I followed, around us the night was
windy and rainy. The ladder lead up a pylon that used to be yellow with black
stripes or black with yellow stripes. It lead up to a clumpy structure that I
could not really see in the dark. Above that was a black, black shaft shooting
up into the sky.

We reached a ramp and he turned his flashlight on. The ramp led to a causeway of
metal net with metal railings. There were more sets of stairs and ladders
leading higher and higher. The man shone the light at me, then at himself,
smiling tired from under his rain hat.

"The auxiliary elevator is busted," he said, "So it's a bit of a climb," he
pointed the light at the causeway, "But you can make it. The code is in the book
that's by the control panel. Good luck." He gave me the light, "Leave that
outside the door, there's light inside. Good luck," he repeated.

The climb took me almost half-an-hour and I slipped on the wet metal a few
times, but I finally reached the launch platform. The elevator car was parked
there. It looked like a bunker on vertical rails. The outside walls were painted
black and yellow and I could barely make out the three-feet-tall letters that
said Daedalus 13.

"Good thing I'm not superstitious," I said and snickered.

I punched in the code and the elevator came to life with a whir or servo motors
and the orange glare of emergency lights. The sturdy door opened and I went
inside.

The interior smelled like mold and rust, it was really old, had not been used in
decades. I turned off the flashlight and put it in my pocket, then I found the
book and checked all the things in order: the pressure, oil levels, energy
throughput, motor condition, and so on. It all looked good. I remember wondering
how they built it so well that it lasted this many years without maintenance.

I finally sat down in front of the control panel and strapped myself in. I
punched in the initiation code and the computer came to life. I tapped "START"
and the whole bunker lifted off, up and up along its rails.

"Father, I am coming. Receive me," I offered a short prayer.

Then I remembered I was supposed to leave the flashlight outside. Well, it was
too late now.
