---
title: 'Hastur!'
date: '2015-03-05'
categories:
  - 'creepy'
  - 'flash-fiction'
---

So I have been granted the privilege of becoming a Dreamer, or whatever. And I
do not mean I have plans and aspirations. I am a Dreamer with a capital D, a
privilege granted to me by Hali, the undying necromancer from planet whatever
who came to me in a dream.

At first, I thought it was all just a dream. Everything was dreamy and cloudy
with gusts of snow and ash swirling around in fantastic spirals that both
obscured the senses and titillated the spirit, drawing forth the images of
long-forgotten half-intuitions about the world, visages of True Gods and the
clockwork of the ever-turning spheres of the spirit world. But then all that
blew over and I saw a great cold-swept room. Like a throne room in a European
castle, except for some scary statues that were not human. Ancient horrors that
dwell behind our eyeballs, fear and flight being the natural reactions to the
mere recollection of them.

In this great big hall, I saw the apparition of an old alchemist who introduced
himself as Hali. He told me I possessed a rare talent of Dreamscaping or
Dreamtravel, or whatever, which meant my mind could explore realities hidden
from the eyes of mankind. I called his bullshit but he insisted on proving it
was true which he did, over the next five nights and in a very convoluted way. I
am not going to bore you with the details, suffice it to say, he was telling the
truth, and I was actually travelling through time and space in my sleep. Weird,
right?

So anyway, he explained he hailed from a distant planet whose name I forgot, and
that he had an important message for me which would alter my destiny. I asked
him how come he looked human if he was an alien and how come could aliens be
humans and what are the odds of evolution on a distant planet have
"accidentally" (I know evolution is not an accident, but it "kind of" is) lead
to creating an identical organism. He told me his ancestors were born on Earth
and transported to this faraway star system. I asked him to go on.

He told me the universe was full of unfathomable intelligence so alien, that any
glimpse into its workings, even if just a look at their architecture, was sure
to drive a man mad. I asked him how come we spoke the same language, and he told
me he was using telepathy, and I said okay, but then I asked how this
communication worked. Energy can travel at the speed of light, if he was in a
different star system, it would take his "telepathic messages" AT LEAST a few
years to reach me and my response would take another few years to reach him.
That is if his planet was orbiting the nearest star, whose name I could not
recall at the time. He said we were talking DESPITE time and space, across
centuries and endless vastness of an empty, unforgiving cosmos. I said that was
very convenient.

He rolleth his eyes at me and transported me to the even vaster hall of Carcosa
where the King in Yellow dwelleth in his monstrous throne. A cage was hung up
high over the stone floor in which the Demented Pope of The Sea of Steam was
imprisoned, treated as an oracle plaything by the king himself. Hali, my wizard
companion, explained that the king was plotting to reclaim his dominion over the
planet Earth again and that his emissaries would infiltrate the governments to
make people worship the king as they did millennia ago. I asked what was the
problem with that and I said people had always worshiped gods and there was no
way of knowing which were "true gods" and which were not, and who is to say it
is worse to worship this King in Yellow dude than it is a magic carpenter or a
camel salesman from the Middle East.

Hali seemed baffled at my words and proceeded to warning me that once the king's
reign of minds was established, he could unleash the horrors or Yog-Sothoth and
the Abominable Snowmen upon our world. I rolled my eyes loudly and then nodded
my head in defeat, knowing Hali would go to great BORING lenghts to prove to me
he was telling the truth, so I just agreed to listen to what my part in it was.

He said we could not do anything, for the king's machinations were much more
than any of us or all of us together. So I asked him what the point of it all
was. He made me swear I would not reveal any of this to anybody on Earth to
preserve their peace and serenity while they can still have any. I sighed at
that nonsense and swore, double-swore, cross my heart and hope to die.

Except I did not keep my word, and I am revealing it all to you. Writing this
from my boring cubicle at a boring ass job, seemingly indistinguishable from
other boring shlobs like me, and yet imbued with the great power of Dreamvision,
or whatever. Oh reader, across the vastness of the Internet and the sea of time,
be warned. There is a darkness stirring millions of light years away and it
wants to use us to its cruel ends. And possibly make us slaves and/or food for
awesome space monsters.
