---
title: "It's not the end of the world"
date: '2020-07-28'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'sci-fi'
---

"And so I told her," said Reginald, "That we cannot move the recital. We are
going to have to move Christmas," and everybody laughed. "But anyway, you know
what life used to be like with all these working people around."

"Yes, quite," said Buffy, picking up a cucumber sandwich from the tray. The
servebot then moved the tray my way, and I picked one up as well, not planning
to eat it. "It was so dreadful looking at them struggle, and hearing about the
riots and the police violence they all caused. I'm sure they are in a better
place now."

"And the world is better off," said Bernard, "With pollution reduced to nothing.
The brainbot said in a report recently, have you read it? He said that the
environment may recover within fifty to one hundred years. So jolly good, I
should say."

"Here, here," applauded Reginald.

"Plus," said Buffy, "The traffic is so much lower."

We all laughed.

"Indeed," said Reginald, "But downside is that the psychbot is quite paranoid
these days. I feel like he thinks any of us could take our own lives at any
moment. The poor thing, he bothers me about it every session."

"Yes, well I suppose," Bernard said jadedly, "It's a downside of machine
learning more than anything else. The psychbot must've dealt with all of these
suicides as they... transpired. And they influenced his algorithm. To him, the
possibility of any remaining human _not_ committing suicide is probably pretty
low."

"Oh, such a dreadful topic," said Buffy, "But I believe the cleanbots are the
same. They spent so much time cleaning up dead bodies that they spray everything
with ammonia now. I eventually got used to the smell, as terrible as that
sounds."

"M'yes," said Reginald, "I suppose labour was all they ever lived for, poor
sods. Without that, they felt... worthless."

"I suppose", said Buffy, "We've always been better equipped. Even in that
respect, if you can imagine. We've been able to switch from the titanic work of
building enterprises to the sweet work of reaping the benefits. Quite dreadful,
I must say. But quite peaceful."

"And quiet," I said, thinking about the empty streets. But a sudden burst of
music snapped me back to the ballroom. The musicbots started playing their
antique instruments again.
