---
title: 'On Holiday'
date: '2015-05-26'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'love'
---

We were sitting in a gazebo in a seaside resort on a tropical island. It was
what they always describe as a dream holiday, we were in an exotic locale
surrounded by luxury, the weather was perfect, and we were properly in love. Her
eyes were so dark and the sky was so bright.

We were sitting some distance apart in rattan chairs. There was a small glass
table between us, its surface polished to perfection, with a couple of drinks on
coasters. The gazebo was wrapped in loose linen cloth to protect from the
afternoon heat and the cloth moved gently in the breeze. We were both reading
something on our tablets. It was mature love.

"Honey," she said, "Did you know a man dreamed about a book and then woke up
with the book next to his bed. He actually
[brought it back from his dream](./the-book)."

I laughed condescendingly, "Honey, how can one prove a story like that?"

"Witnesses maybe?"

"There are witnesses to every outrageous and untrue story out there. People who
saw Jesus in a tortilla, or have been abducted by aliens. Witnesses mean
nothing. It's just one man telling a story." I paused to marvel at the perfect
symmetry of my argument. "Has anyone seen this book, anyway? Analyzed it" What
is it about?"

"Apparently, he did not let anyone else see it. It is a powerful book of magic
and he used it to raise an army o the dead and of demons from hell. The army is
sweeping eastward, and there are people joining it on the way. He has taken
several major cities. He is going for Washington."

I got up to look at what she was reading. It was The Washington Post. There was
an article and a video interview with a man wrapped in a blanket. You could see
him in the video thumbnail. He was just a regular man, though his facial
expression showed self-satisfaction and power. Under the blanket, he was wearing
a yellow shirt and jeans. The blanket was probably a home-made magic cloak of
some kind.

The woman interviewing him seemed matter-of-fact and composed, but I could
imagine her and the crew crossing the parking lot of some official building,
walking among aÂ dark host of evil creatures and evil people, carrying their
equipment on their backs, trying not to draw attention to themselves.

"In that case," I said, "I'm glad we're out here and not there, in the middle of
all this."

She nodded and smiled in a way that showed concern.
