---
title: 'Protein'
date: '2012-08-05'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
---

An ounce of nuts, how much protein is that? Brad was wondering as he was
preparing the third snack. He needed four snacks to get through today, plus two
backup, in case he needed to stay out longer. He had to eat something small
every two or three hours to keep up his muscle growth, but no sugar, processed
fat, or carbs. He made little baggies and put them in his backpack.

One of his roommates, Jack, walked into the kitchen, "How's the rationing going,
man?" he said with a yawn, still trying to wake up.

"It's fine," said Brad, "But I gotta say it's getting a little heavy on my
pocket. All this organic food, fresh fruit, you know?"

"Man, you're the ninety-nine percent," said Jack without ironically as he was
pouring himself coffee.

Brad looked in the mirror. His shoulder line and arms were beginning to look
really good, but his face had this permanent tired look. "You know," he said,
"Nothing has changed since the pyramids. Only back then we were slaves, and now
we're hired hands. A system evolved where they placate us with promise of fame
and riches which we will never get, and we are supposed to feel good about the
whole situation."

Jack took a long sip. "Is that what hurts you? That you will never become rich
and famous? Would you have everybody be rich and famous? That's impossible."

"No, but I'm--"

"Most people in this world, _most_ people, Brad, don't have enough food and
water to get through the day. A small group here in the West enjoys Utopian
wealth. We have houses, closets full of clothes, refrigerators full of food, and
free time to spend however we like. But that is not enough, is it? At the end of
the day, it's not about how much stuff you have, because you will always want
more. You can be happy hunting rats for food, or unhappy fucking supermodels in
the penthouse."

Jack was red in the face over his steaming mug of coffee. Brad was done
preparing his baggies and started putting them in the backpack.

"It's a shame," said Jack, trying to compose himself, "We don't know how much of
our happiness, the 99-percenters', depends on this invisible system. This
mindless force driving markets, causing wars, and manufacturing new varieties of
items nobody needs but everybody wants. No, not happiness. Comfort."

Brad was out of the door, already half-jogging, "I agree with you, Jack. You
make a valid point, but I gotta go."

He got out into the suburban street, small bright houses everywhere. He saw
people getting out to get their papers before they start breakfast, and he
realized he was not happy here. He began to run.
