---
title: 'Puzzlefaced Man Gets Bombed'
date: '2015-06-27'
categories:
  - 'flash-fiction'
---

I was very little back then, so I did not understand what was happening. I know
most of it from stories they tattooed on my brain as I grew up and later, when I
went back to visit my family.

My daddy was back from the Eastern Front, which I did not understand. Uncle Paul
told me it was part of War, but I had not seen real War because in our city, War
meant only that my mother had to work late and stand in long lines to get
things, and I was very bored and lonely because of both things, so I knew War
was not good. I also knew sirens sang every night and we had to go down into the
cellar, listen to the loud drums of bombs falling overhead. I had no idea War
also meant other things. Many, many other things.

Anyway, my daddy got back from the Eastern Front with his face fragmented by
scars, like a broken mirror. Uncle Paul called him puzzlefaced and said the
Russians tore him to pieces and put him back together with a needle and some
dirty thread. They both laughed, I think, though I suspect my daddy was only
pretending to laugh. I cannot imagine they put joy back in as they were putting
him together. I imagine they put in a lot of barbed wire, broken glass, and
potato masher grenades.

I remember when daddy died, too. I do not know whether it is a real memory, but
it is a memory of a real thing: it was night time when the sirens sang, as they
did every night, and we went down into the cellar. We sat down on wooden benches
uncle Paul had made for the garden. They were in the cellar for the winter, I
suppose. Daddy was sitting right by the gas lamp, singing a song in a soft voice
accompanied by the irregular drum beat above us. I think he was smiling, though
the shadows of his scars made his face look like a pile of rubble and it was
hard to tell. The song was so pretty, it made uncle Paul's eyes water. He
probably said quietly that we have to hold on just a little longer and the raids
would be over. And the War would be over and everything could be back the way it
was before everyone went insane. I bet I was warm and cozy, close to my mom,
looking at puzzlefaced man, listening to him sing, suspecting the universe is
full of wonders.

When the ceiling suddenly collapsed and our entire house fell on my daddy. The
noise was so great, that I suspect all the grenades that they put inside him
exploded on impact.

I did not know about revenge back then. Later, when I was a teenager, I learned
all about the crimes both sides committed and had to decide whether I would join
the global revenge movement or not. Would you?
