---
title: 'What Does She Look Like?'
date: '2015-06-02'
categories:
  - 'creepy'
  - 'flash-fiction'
  - 'love'
---

I have a friend on Facebook whom I do not know. She invited me once and I
accepted, thinking I had met her at a party or somewhere else. She is not
annoying, she does not hurt me by posting convictions opposite to mine. The only
thing about her is I do not know what she looks like.

She posts plenty of pictures, usually some funny ones from the Internet, or arty
photos of meadows and cats and coffee cups. Sometimes there is a group of people
in the photos, but I am almost positive she is not among them. Sometimes, there
is a photo where I suspect it is her, but she takes it down quickly. I have
started saving some of her photos to my drive and I have a pretty big folder of
those, but I still cannot be sure.

"Hey," I wrote one time.

"Hi," she replied.

"Do we know each other in real life?"

I got a reply about an hour later. "I don't think so."

"That's cool. I was just wondering what you look like."

She did not respond to that for a number of days. One evening, I was sitting in
my kitchen eating some soup when my phone vibrated. It was her, she gave me an
address. Not an email address but an actual street address in the real world.

"Should I come over?" I asked, but she did not reply, although I could see she
read my message.

I walked around my house for a little bit, quite anxious. Finally, I picked up
my car keys and rushed outside.

The address was a half hour drive away. I knew the area, it was some middle
range houses for some middle range earners, nothing fancy, but not bad. I pulled
up at the place. I knocked on the door, but there was no answer. I tried the
door, it was not locked. I walked in slowly, like they do in the movies calling
"Hello? The door was unlocked..."

There was silence.

Then there were footsteps upstairs. I climbed up. One of the doors shut. I
opened it. The room was empty. The only place she might have gone was the
closet. I approached and opened the doors slowly. In the dark, there she was.
She stepped forward. I could finally see what she looked like.

She looked like me.
